c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\obj\Debug\PhoneBook.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\obj\Debug\PhoneBook.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\obj\Debug\PhoneBook.Views.ListPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\obj\Debug\PhoneBook.Views.InsertPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\obj\Debug\PhoneBook.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\obj\Debug\PhoneBook.pdb
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\PhoneBook.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\PhoneBook.pdb
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Erbayat\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\obj\Debug\PhoneBook.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\obj\Debug\PhoneBook.Views.PersonDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\obj\Debug\PhoneBook.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\PhoneBook\bin\Debug\PhoneBook.dll.mdb
