c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\XamarinTimer.pdb
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.TimerPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.pdb
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll.mdb
c:\users\erbayat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\xamarin-blog\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\XamarinTimer.pdb
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.TimerPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.pdb
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\obj\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Erbayat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Xamarin\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\XamarinTimer\bin\Debug\XamarinTimer.dll.mdb
